README.md, before:

# voyage-tasks

Your project's `readme` is as important to success as your code. For 
this reason you should put as much care into its creation and maintenance
as you would any other component of the application.

If you are unsure of what should go into the `readme` let this article,
written by an experienced Chingu, be your starting point - 
[Keys to a well written README](https://tinyurl.com/yk3wubft).

And before we go there's "one more thing"! Once you decide what to include
in your `readme` feel free to replace the text we've provided here.

> Own it & Make it your Own!

## Team Documents

You may find these helpful as you work together to organize your project.

- [Team Project Ideas](./docs/team_project_ideas.md)
- [Team Decision Log](./docs/team_decision_log.md)

Meeting Agenda templates (located in the `/docs` directory in this repo):

- Meeting - Voyage Kickoff --> ./docs/meeting-voyage_kickoff.docx
- Meeting - App Vision & Feature Planning --> ./docs/meeting-vision_and_feature_planning.docx
- Meeting - Sprint Retrospective, Review, and Planning --> ./docs/meeting-sprint_retrospective_review_and_planning.docx
- Meeting - Sprint Open Topic Session --> ./docs/meeting-sprint_open_topic_session.docx

## Our Team

Everyone on your team should add their name along with a link to their GitHub
& optionally their LinkedIn profiles below. Do this in Sprint #1 to validate
your repo access and to practice PR'ing with your team *before* you start
coding!

- Syed Affan #1: [GitHub](http://github.com/affan880)) / [LinkedIn](http://linkedin.com/in/syed-affan/)
- Teammate name #2: [GitHub](https://github.com/ghaccountname) / [LinkedIn](https://linkedin.com/in/liaccountname)

   ...
- Teammate name #n: [GitHub](https://github.com/ghaccountname) / [LinkedIn](https://linkedin.com/in/liaccountname)

Commit message:

chore: add github action files for frontend and backend ci
chore: add demo workflow

doc: update read me with instruction for running workflow locally using act

README.md, after:

# voyage-tasks

Your project's `readme` is as important to success as your code. For 
this reason you should put as much care into its creation and maintenance
as you would any other component of the application.

If you are unsure of what should go into the `readme` let this article,
written by an experienced Chingu, be your starting point - 
[Keys to a well written README](https://tinyurl.com/yk3wubft).

And before we go there's "one more thing"! Once you decide what to include
in your `readme` feel free to replace the text we've provided here.

> Own it & Make it your Own!

## How To Run Github Actions (Workflow) Locally
Run github actions locally using [act](https://github.com/nektos/act)
1. install [Docker](https://docs.docker.com/get-started/get-docker/) Desktop and verify its installation using ```bash docker --version```
2. install [act](https://nektosact.com/installation/index.html) depending on your OS. Check the official repository for the latest instructions
3. verify act installation using ```bash act --version``` You should see the installed version number
4. run the demo workflow ```bash act -W act -W .github/workflow/demo.yml``` (it will take several mins to pull the image when running for the first time)
4. run the Frontend CI workflow: ```bash act -W .github/workflows/frontend-ci.yml```
5. run the Backend CI workflow ```bash act -W .github/workflows/backend-ci.yml```

## Team Documents

You may find these helpful as you work together to organize your project.

- [Team Project Ideas](./docs/team_project_ideas.md)
- [Team Decision Log](./docs/team_decision_log.md)

Meeting Agenda templates (located in the `/docs` directory in this repo):

- Meeting - Voyage Kickoff --> ./docs/meeting-voyage_kickoff.docx
- Meeting - App Vision & Feature Planning --> ./docs/meeting-vision_and_feature_planning.docx
- Meeting - Sprint Retrospective, Review, and Planning --> ./docs/meeting-sprint_retrospective_review_and_planning.docx
- Meeting - Sprint Open Topic Session --> ./docs/meeting-sprint_open_topic_session.docx

## Our Team

Everyone on your team should add their name along with a link to their GitHub
& optionally their LinkedIn profiles below. Do this in Sprint #1 to validate
your repo access and to practice PR'ing with your team *before* you start
coding!

- Syed Affan #1: [GitHub](http://github.com/affan880)) / [LinkedIn](http://linkedin.com/in/syed-affan/)
- Teammate name #2: [GitHub](https://github.com/ghaccountname) / [LinkedIn](https://linkedin.com/in/liaccountname)

   ...
- Teammate name #n: [GitHub](https://github.com/ghaccountname) / [LinkedIn](https://linkedin.com/in/liaccountname)
